App that motivates people in multiple forms. Whether people need to quit smoking, quit drinking, start working out, etc. This app will feature ideas of how the best ways to go about overcoming these challenges, and will also feature a "thread" for each of these topics to come together and discuss how they have overcome these challenges and tips and tricks as well as personal stories of triumph. For people who have anxiety and don't feel comfortable going out to join meetings like AA or even to attend therapy, this could be very helpful. This app will have a main page that will allow a user to pick from a list of challenges that many deal with on a daily basis, and then have a section on the main page to even add another challenge that they face if that is not an option on the app already. This will also allow a user to add tips and tricks for how they have overcome this challenge and then for them to create a new thread to talk about this challenge with other people that possibly struggle with. 

The application will deal with a multitude of different classes, interfaces, and abstract classes. It will have to have a console to make sure that input/output from the user is handled correctly and will most likely have a class labeled “message controller” for the thread that people are able to create. People using the app will be able to create a username and then have their own inbox for people to connect if they feel that someone will be able to help them individually, so the message controller could possibly come in handy with that as well. The view would be either the page that holds the certain thread for the certain topic that is being talked about, or the inbox view of whoever is individually messaging someone. 

Some examples of the abstract classes that would be used: possibly one called “challenges”, which would be an abstract class because it could hold a string instance variable called “challengeType” that holds the certain challenge that someone is facing, then maybe an Integer instance variable named “noOfPeople”, that could hold the amount of people currently in the thread talking about this. Some methods could possibly be things like “createChallenge” so people can create a new challenge they face that wasn’t already on the app, and then other similar methods.

# API
* https://disqus.com/api/docs/
* https://api.imgur.com/